Responsive Front-end Development
HTML-CSS-JavaScript-Performance-WordPress

I'm a Canadian based web designer that delivers professional, customized and user friendly websites for small to medium sized businesses and individuals. My goal is to establish your online presence. I will work with you, listen to your needs and respond with the best possible solution.

I can assist you with everything you need from responsive website design and development, search engine optimization, social media, blogs, image galleries and much more. Every website I build is made with passion and is designed the way my customers want their website to look and feel.

Mohit Aneja a.k.a CSSJockey

I’m glad you took time out to know me and CSSJockey better and I do hope you enjoy what you learn. My name is Mohit Aneja and I am a self-employed web designer and developer based in Chandigarh, India. I specialise in creating usable designs for the web with a professional approach and convert them into HTML/CSS &…

I’m glad you took time out to know me and CSSJockey better and I do hope you enjoy what you learn.

Mohit Aneja a.k.a CSSJockeyMy name is Mohit Aneja and I am a self-employed web designer and developer based in Chandigarh, India. I specialise in creating usable designs for the web with a professional approach and convert them into HTML/CSS & WordPress Themes that adapt to the latest web standards & trends. My knowledge supported by many years of experience enables me to come up with efficient and useful solutions.

I can transform your ideas into reality, check out my work and discuss your project.

More about me

Born in Delhi and having spent my childhood in a small town of Punjab (Fazilka, if you’ve ever heard of it), I have had my unique ways of standing out of the crowd. Be it my style, knowledge of art or love life, I have been the king of know-how’s among my friends. Designing is in my blood. My first “Hello World” application was created back in 1998 and the list grew to 100+ before I actually came out with my personal website.

Before I drifted this passion to professional stream, I served Dell International Services as a Senior Operations Analyst and was recognised for automating the internal reporting system for about 3 years. I fell in love with the code-design symphony and decided to make my mark in web development services. I’m committed to the internet community and love to share my knowledge and best practices. Off the job, I’m mostly enjoying a snack or shaking a leg to hip-hop and rock music. I’m a total foodie and my favorite food comes from Domino’s, KFC, Subway and McDonalds. I also love long drives with my beloved wife Reet and playing with my son Kaavish. I’m turned off by dishonesty, idleness and passionless life. My dream is go on a world tour.

About CSSJockey

Ever since I’ve started my web learning expedition a decade ago, I’ve been truly amazed and excited with the working of CSS and its effects on beautifying the web applications and pages. Hence, there was no second thought about branding myself as a CSS Jockey. I unleashed this brand on the 1st day of year 2009. The website was launched with a single “Happy New Year” post and fetched a tremendous response in just few weeks. Since then I’ve learned and tried to master many languages such as xHTML, HTML5, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and fell heads over heels in love with WordPress development. I’ve tried my hands on plug-ins and twisting various back-end options, creating a whole new experience of blogging and using WordPress as CMS to create complex websites like shopping carts, real estate listing and mobile review websites etc. Thinking out of box has been my obvious, I don’t find anything interesting unless I can insert a twist to make it from ordinary to extraordinary. I believe that makes me stand out of the crowd.

Making Of CSSJockey

The idea of having a brand separate from my signature website came into being when I started getting numerous requests from web site owners around the world to create unique design concepts for them. This encouraged me to learn even more web technologies and trends and gave me an opportunity to challenge myself to think out of the box every time. It took just 4-5 such projects for me to decide, this is what I wanna be and this is exactly what I wanna do forever! I love the fact that I get to live my passion everyday and also push the boundaries to grow bigger, better, brighter every time. Today I’m incredibly satisfied to have chosen this path of life.

My Motto

Through my experience on the internet, I’ve come to believe that

Web Standards are the best way to serve information online in an accessible, maintainable and visible way.
Learning through Sharing Best Practices is The One and The Fastest way of learning.
Quality of service and products will never go unnoticed.
I always have and will create unique, clean, usable designs for the web and keep on exploring new technologies and trends.
Next is what?

For me “Stopping is Failing”!! Launching CSSJockey was not all I’d planned for myself, this was a journey well begun! Though I had nothing in mind when I launched CSSJockey, but the ideas cropped from my daily experiences. I’ve since then, created and launched many new ventures and currently WIP for more. There’s never enough time that I can find to promote all my ventures and creations while working on new projects and meeting the deadlines. If only, there were more than 24 hours in a day, I could have done a lot more in a year! But, I’m in no rush to get to the top, Slow & Steady Wins the race, huh? With “Sharing Best Practices” nailed in me, I do try to keep up with writing regularly(“quite often”, precisely) about anything I’ve recently explored or created. As far as the new and upcoming ventures are concerned, I’m trying my hands on any new and exciting ideas that cross my mind.

Connect with me!

I’m an online marketer having a passion for creating content.

My career began in 2008 in the City of Light working in the sales and event departments of prestigious luxury hotel chains. After moving to San Francisco CA in June 2013, I've expanded my professional horizons by switching from sales to online marketing.

I love learning new things and San Francisco was a perfect place to grow professionally, live exciting adventures in startups and meet great people. I’m using “was” because I’m currently moving to Barcelona in Spain and looking for a new position there.

My experiences in the luxury hospitality still help me a lot because I learnt how to listen to the customers to understand their needs and be able to delight them. When I've started to learn more about online marketing, I was happy to see that listening to the customers is also a key to successful marketing strategies.

If you would like to learn more about my background, you can visit my experiences or download my resume below.

Wanna be friends?? 
Feel free to connect with me via Twitter or Facebook.

Business Web Design

Every business should have a website. An attractive and informative website can attract new customers and establish your business's credibility.

Responsive Web Design

I make sure all of our websites are suitable to work on every device and every screen size, no matter how large or small, mobile or desktop.

Search Engine Optimization

I implement techniques which help search engines like Google, Bing and Yahoo find and rank your website higher than your competitors.

Website Hosting

I offer fast and reliable website hosting to all our clients. We take care of all the technical stuff to make everything easier for you.

The first step to growing a brand online is to drive qualified leads to your website or mobile app. Having a user-friendly experience is an important part of any successful business strategy, but generating relevant traffic is essential to having a strong conversion rate.

As a full-service digital agency, we provide a strategic approach to driving qualified traffic. Through various coordinated marketing campaigns we integrate search engine optimization (SEO), pay per click (PPC), email marketing, targeted display advertising and social media campaigns. This allows clientele to be targeted locally, nationally, or globally to fit your brand's needs. We take pride in our marketing team's achievements, and you can browse through our case studies for a preview of the quality results we deliver to our clients.

Portfolio
n the spring of 2003, during my first year of college at USU, I took a general education business course where we were assigned the task of building a webpage in Word. Thus began my love affair with design. After graduating I began working full time for a web design company. While I still enjoyed it, for the most part, I felt like something was missing. I wasn’t happy with the designs I was creating. They were “serious” and “corporate” and that just wasn’t me. When I made the move to freelance full time, I decided to let my quirky flag fly, so to speak. It may not be for everyone, but some people are going to love it.